Made how-to-play-subsets.md for solving issue #94 (#104)
RetroAchievements/docs: docs/general/tutorials/how-to-play-subsets.md

Reviewer: A good start.

It looks like something may be funky with the image attachments. Those also need to exist as new files in the repo. We typically put these in the _docs/public_ folder.

For this change, it may be worth playing with the "Detailed Contributions" guide: https://docs.retroachievements.org/general/contributing-to-the-docs.html#detailed-contributions

Author: https://github.com/SuperGamer18/RetroAchievements-docs/tree/updates/docs/public uploaded the files, what should I do now?

Reviewer: Much better :)

---
title: How to Play Subsets
description: Brief explanation of subsets with a simple tutorial on how to patch a ROM for a subset.
---

> # What are Subsets?

Reviewer: This should match the frontmatter title:
```suggestion
# How to Play Subsets
```

> Subsets are typically extra sets for a game when certain achievements would just not fit into the main set. There are many types of subsets, but for more info on that topic see [this article](https://docs.retroachievements.org/guidelines/content/subsets.html#types-of-subsets). Subsets typically require an extra patch or sometimes just an alternate revision/version of the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsets are supplemental achievement sets for a game that contain achievements which may not be a good fit into the main (core) set. There are [many types of subsets](/guidelines/content/subsets.html#types-of-subsets). Subsets typically require an extra patch or sometimes an alternate revision/version of the game.
```

A few edits here for brevity. Also changed the link from absolute ("https://docs.retroachievements.org...") to relative ("/guidelines/content/..."). With relative links, the automated check that runs on PRs can detect if the link is broken and throw an error, which saves us a lot of pain and suffering as the docs get bigger and bigger.

> ## How to Play Subsets

Reviewer: Since the title will be "How to Play Subsets", this should be changed to something else. Maybe "Getting Started"?

> In case that the subset you want to play requires a patch, follow these steps below. Similar steps can be followed when patching a ROM to play a hack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the subset you want to play requires a patch, follow these steps. Similar steps can be followed when patching a ROM to play a hack.
```

> **Step 1:** Download the patch for the subset of your choice. We'll use [this subset](https://retroachievements.org/game/7596) as an example (in this case, Super Mario Land [Subset - Bonus]). Patches are hosted [here](https://github.com/RetroAchievements/RAPatches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1:** Download the patch for the subset of your choice. We'll use [this subset](https://retroachievements.org/game/7596) as an example (in this case, Super Mario Land [Subset - Bonus]). Patches are hosted on [RAPatches](https://github.com/RetroAchievements/RAPatches).
```

> ![RetroAchievements hashes](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7221c0da-54f3-4480-8f2a-3a55c8f74f13)

Reviewer: This image needs to link to the file in the public folder (check other pages with images for examples).

> **Step 2:** Go to [this site](https://www.marcrobledo.com/RomPatcher.js/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2:** Go to [ROM Patcher JS](https://www.marcrobledo.com/RomPatcher.js/), a free online tool to patch your ROM.
```

> ![Rom Patcher JS](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af91a240-fd2a-4a00-82b9-6ef9b675b960)

Reviewer: This image needs to link to the file in the public folder (check other pages with images for examples).

**Step 3:** Choose your ROM in the upper field and your patch file in the lower one. Make sure that you are using the correct ROM for the patch (see the readme file that usually comes included with the patch itself). Checking the CRC32, MD5 and SHA-1 hashes between both fields also helps (in this case, the subset offers patches for both the original, unmodified Super Mario Land and the Super Mario Land DX hack. In this tutorial, we'll use the one for the unmodified game). Rom Patcher JS will also tell you the required CRC32 hash for the patch to work.

> ![ROM field](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd763c82-bab6-47f6-958c-56aa90113066)

Reviewer: This image needs to link to the file in the public folder (check other pages with images for examples).

> ![Patch field](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b158a568-b6ac-49f7-9473-6807ad638fe7)

Reviewer: This image needs to link to the file in the public folder (check other pages with images for examples).

> **Step 4:** Click/tap on "Apply patch" and download your patched ROM (to distinguish it from the original ROM, we recommend naming it like the subset or using "Use patch name for output").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4:** Click/tap on "Apply patch" and download your patched ROM.
```
Safe to omit this sentence.

> ![Apply patch button](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a19f88a0-9233-4836-9622-2f5adbd05cbc)

Reviewer: This image needs to link to the file in the public folder (check other pages with images for examples).

**Step 5:** Open your emulator of choice, then load your patched ROM, and see if a pop-up appears telling you that you're using "X Game [Subset - X]". If so, congratulations! You have properly patched your ROM! Otherwise, repeat all the previous steps.

> ![RetroArch Bonus set](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/19e5a861-7240-4ed2-b472-ba0bf3143836)

Reviewer: This image needs to link to the file in the public folder (check other pages with images for examples).
